Life is a beautiful, mesmerizing light show. It's so dynamic, detailed, and interesting that nothing we know of in the universe compares to it. And we have a front row seat. It feels like a grand tour of the world, filled with wonder and whimsy, with new adventures every day. There's always new things to discover and familiar things to check in on.

Just look around - there's *so much stuff.* And most of it is unique and distinct. You could spend your whole life studying why all of it got here and how it all works. Not only is it insane that life involves so many unique and varied things and experiences; it's also insane that we can comprehend all of it.

Our brains are among the most sophisticated machines in the known universe, and even our most powerful technology pales in comparison to their capabilities and efficiency. That allows us to appreciate the things we do and study the incredible phenomena all around us. But not only that, we also create things.

As if life wasn't incredible enough, human technology allows us to experience the imaginations of others and connect with artists in a way never before seen in history. As a species, we managed to build a box that can calculate anything, a box that can display any picture, and a device that can play any sound. Then we figured out how physics and light worked and got a bunch of artists together. The end result is that the imaginations of other people can be directly interacted with. We can hear what others hear, see what others see, and experience what others experience.

This is so far beyond a normal life. We have turned it from a game of hunting and gathering to a game of higher achievement, entertainment, and connection unlike anything any other species has ever experienced. Unlike animals who survey the same territory and have similar experiences every day, we have the privilege of engaging with an unending number of adventures in worlds beyond our own.

It all reminds me of fireworks displays and light shows. They are some of the most beautiful and amazing things. They don't last forever, but we're just happy to have experienced them. That's how I experience real life. It's all so vivid, intense, and awe-inspiring. I know that it won't last forever, and the finale could come at any minute, but I'm just so amazed and grateful that I was even afforded this incredible privilege. I'm okay with it being over soon; just experiencing it in the first place is the greatest gift I have ever been given.