Sometimes I imagine what it would be like if everyone on Earth collectively knew that the world was ending, and complete destruction was guaranteed, such as the event of a giant asteroid or a civilization-ending solar event. Something inevitable and unsurvivable. What would we all do?

While there would certainly be many depressed people or people who peacefully spend their remaining time at home, I think a lot of people would want to party and live out their final days to the fullest, embracing loud and intense music and the collective communal feeling of being a part of the same world as everyone else partying alongside them. It would be a visceral emotional experience, one last hurrah for humanity and a celebration of everything life and the society we built had to offer.

It would be filled with intense happiness and gratitude, nostalgia, love, and celebration. If there's nothing that can be done, why not make it an intense euphoric spectacle? Why not go out together, putting aside our differences, and just revel in humanity's final moment? Although I'm normally introverted, I would be a part of that massive celebration and celebrate life and humanity, become best friends with people I met minutes ago, and take in all of the intense emotions until the final moment.

My [[The Disease|disease]] makes me think of this scenario more. If it is indeed terminal, then in I way, *I am in this scenario*, facing inevitable and certain destruction. Because of that, I want to take more time to appreciate life in my own emotionally intense way. I always have reasons to be [[Optimistic Pessimism|grateful for it all, no matter what happens.]] I can gaze in absolute awe and wonderment at the lively, incredible [[Life is a Beautiful Light Show|light show]] that is human life. I can feel intense gratitude for the opportunities to feel and experience everything I do. I am so lucky to have had the opportunity to live as a human.

I'm not the kind of person to behave recklessly, but some awesome music playlists and a nostalgic trip down memory lane sounds like a good time. And of course, I can imagine that intense celebration and moment of unity with humanity because we're all connected, even if we aren't in the same place at the same time. Millions, perhaps billions of people have felt the same way I do about life and its inevitable end. I am with them.