I have thought about what happens after death over the years.

I ultimately think that the human brain is a deterministic biological machine, albeit an incredibly special one. At the same time, I don't think consciousness can be fully explained through our current understanding of the universe.

Consciousness is a window into a living entity's mind, with the ability to perceive the senses and experiences of that entity over time in a subjective manner. Different fundamental aspects of that experience are called qualia - things like what the color red looks like to you, how long a second feels, the experience of sound, etc. These things have no basis in the brain's computation as far as current understanding goes, which means that they could be totally different for other people, but they would act the same way.

If qualia has no effect on the brain's computations, then it is perhaps possible to have *no* qualia. This means no perception of anything, not even time. This is akin to the experience of sleeping, where, although brain activity persists, nothing is perceived, and time appears to instantly jump forward while the brain is not computationally processing it.

In death, this processing ceases, and we won't perceive any time. If our consciousness forms in a new being, it will happen instantly from our perspective. That applies even if it takes the death and rebirth of one hundred trillion universes for our consciousnesses to be reconstituted. That means that the [[Life is Awesomely Complex|incredible complexity of life]] we observe today would have time to form in a completely new way. The requirements to house our individual instances of consciousness may be simple (like just being human, similar to traditional reincarnation), or far more rare and complex, like a specific type of pattern or signature. Either way, it has an infinite amount of time to develop, and we will instantly jump to it.

I find it very unlikely that the mechanism that allows me to perceive consciousness has only been around for 21 years. In all likelihood, this has already happened at least once. It will just simply happen again, and I will wake up as someone new, possibly some alien in another world, with no knowledge of any of this ever happening.